A basic method of two-way encryption, implemented in PHP. It takes a message and obfuscates it by inserting random letters, symbols, and numbers between each character of the message, and decrypts it by scrubbing an input string of those predefined sequences. This method of encryption is of course not secure, as anyone who can indentify the recurring patterns in the encrypted messages resulting from it could easily just remove them, laying the original message bare. But, if you need a quick-and-dirty way to make something unreadable to the casual observer, this method is decent way to go.
The following is an example of the script in action.

Input string: "Test message!"

Encrypted version: zt(BaL cpT7io1anpjyHyeyM whIkBSuWa4nblawcAjgDfhY AHYMdMghUrp LsZ!booVIOo3tcpr hBRgep@3QyQykB qlH,f{TF3aWA#nleN(*a3teR0Ha,iZBfv7A k7vsz$%ODFn0qoCa3ecvn!1ImnBv V2zatl)PBh1,lp1rTabooVIOo3tcpr hBRgep@3QyQykB qlH,f{TF3aWA#nleNW RrXo)wRNABGv UVR8xgwrHgWKGLjSS&ypboonpOnVVIO bAvKao tcp4npOnVr(*a3teR0Ha,iZBfv7A k7vsz$%ODFn0qoCa3npjyHyeyM whIkBSuWa4nblawcAjgDfhY AHYMdMghUrp LsZasnpjyHyeyM whIkBSuWa4nblawcAjgDfhY AHYMdMghUrp LsZyMwhIk&BSuWa nblaw5chYAGrNzKp@eSx8bqyh jLGXGbfskWpDBpjFRpq,tTY GSLVvJy ndzqHgftXrAubU MZInfnSWbH gftXtGOZtw}mQDqWbooVIOo3tcpr hBRgep@3QyQykB qlH,f{TF3aWA#nleNeWKGLjSS&ypboonpOnVVIO bAvKao tcp4npOnVryMwhIk&BSuWa nblaw5chYAyMwhIk&BSuWa nblaw5chYAmcvn!1ImnBv V2zatl)PBh1,lp1rTa9lLae2todo:9lLae2todo;WKGLjSS&ypboonpOnVVIO bAvKao tcp4npOnVr (*a3teR0Ha,iZBfv7A k7vsz$%ODFn0qoCa39lLae2todo:9lLae2todo;9lLae2todo:9lLae2todo;tcvn!1ImnBv V2zatl)PBh1,lp1rTa(*a3teR0Ha,iZBfv7A k7vsz$%ODFn0qoCa3sW RrXo)wRNABGv UVR8xgwrH9lLae2todo:9lLae2todo;BAwyJenpOnVRKauz LuSHKgbQaekWpDBpjFRpq,tTY GSLVvJy ndzqHgftXrAubU MZInfnSWbH gftXtGOZtw}mQDqWW RrXo)wRNABGv UVR8xgwrHTbooVIOo3tcpr hBRgep@3QyQykB qlH,f{TF3aWA#nleN

As can be seen, the main drawback is the length of the obfuscated message versus the length of the original. This means that the encrypted version of the message will be many times the size of the message itself. This would make this method of message obfuscation unsuitable for extremely large texts.
